#Protocol board meeting, 18.7.2016

##agenda
- Notary
- Meeting of members
- Mage Unconference
- Bookkeeping
- MageLance
- Misc

## 1) notary
The new board is still not registered. The plan was to do it in Berlin during MageUC but this didn't happen. Rico and Fabian will make an appoointment with a notary in WÃ¼rzburg to do this.


## 2) meeting of members
We need a new meeting. We have to elect a board. And we the board is sure to find more stuff to talk and vote about :-)

We'll have a doodle which week day to choose and then the board chooses a date.

## 3) Mage Unconference Status
The current plan of the MageUC team is to move the MageUC to cologne next year. The problem is, that on the weekend of the unconf a dental fair happens, so most of the near by hotel rooms are taken until saturday, which is a problem for the pre party but not the conference itself. The team is thinking about moving the location or the date, but both things lead to a lot of work.

Because the team met last week and checked out the location and a bunch of restaurants/bars, the two hotels nearby and a catering service.

## 4) Bookkeeping
Fabian doesn't find time to do the bookkeeping in a proper time, so we outsource the paper work. Rico and Fabian have someone who can do this. They check on conditions. Then the board decides whether to invest money

## 5) http://magelance.net/
Alexander Razbakov talked to Fabian about MageLance. The idea is to crowdfund open source work. So we think we could connect github issues to magelance, estimate them and then people and companies can collect money, so someone is working paid on them.

The big problem we see is, that people loose motivation to work "for free" on an open source project, when the alternative is to work paid on it. So the question is, do we want to try it out? MageLance is interested in a cooperation.

we plan to put that into a member meeting discussion + vote.

## 6) Misc
This was a short and efficient meeting.
